bgp-reports (we're not naming or branding experts)
===========

Script used to extract information from BGP dumps.

It compares the resources allocated in any RIR to a specific country defined in the main configuration with the global routing table advertisements and local (IXP advertisements).

Then you will get:
  * Total ASN's on the IXP.
  * Qty. of ASN's on the IXP by Country.
  * Qty. of ASN's on the Global Table by Country.
  * List of links between ASN's and Upstreams.
  * List of ASN's not connected to the local Internet eXchange Point and their Whois Contact Data.
  * List of Upstreams which are not advertising all the clients ASN's to the IXP.
  * A set of fancy graphics of the country connection map with the connection info generated by the DS3 javascript library.

This is currently beta software. Do not use it without asking for some help.

This is what do you need to get these scripts working:

1) A copy of the BGP global table and (at least) one BGP table from an IXP,
   in either of these formats:
    * Cisco/Quagga 'show ip bgp' or 'show ip bgp neighbor w.x.y.z received-routes'
        obtained from any looking glass you like, for example:
        http://www-01.pch.net/resources/data/routing-tables/archive/
    * RIPE NCC's MRT Format obtained from:
        http://www.ripe.net/data-tools/stats/ris/ris-raw-data
 Be sure to use the 'terminal len 0' before extracting the BGP tables from Cisco equipment.

2) A working Internet connection, because the scripts will query the RIR's RDAP servers to obtain WHOIS data.

3) Adjust the main.py parameters contained in the CONFIG variable.
  * At this time there are some example BGP tables contained in the 'feeds' folder. You may add others if you wish to analyze another country. Look for the 'bgp-ixp-$COUNTRY-ISO-CODE$' config to define the path to the IXP BGP table file.

4) We are working on this file too...
